(loud, overlapping chatter)
Look, I am the one who
is suffering here.
Oh, yes, tell us
your troubles.
I am handling all
of Will's cases,
and now we've lost
Caitlin, too.
Look, we put someone else into
Will's seat, that's what we do.
Excuse me. I'm
sitting right here.
There is no
"Will's seat."
You're not here as a lawyer.
You might as well
not be here at all.
That is not the subject
of this discussion.
Someone spoke to the
bar disciplinary board.
Someone said Will was
here working on cases.
Now, I'm not going to
do anything so dramatic
as to ask, "Who was it?"
But I will say this.
If you have an issue
with the way we're running
this firm, you come to me.
You do not stab Will
in the back.
You don't lie
to the disciplinary board...
Wait a minute.
Look, I know
nobody wants to respond
because we don't want
to look like Judases,
but Will is working on cases.
No, I'm updating
associates on the
background of my cases.
What?!
DAVID:
Oh, come on.
You call me
an ethical midget?
(loud, overlapping shouting)
Just a minute!
Wait a minute!
We disagree with each
other, we keep it in-house!
you want to backstab someone,
do it right here.
Okay, I disagree. There.
And I urge the equity partners
to replace Will
until such time...
Then marshal the equity partner
votes, and call a meeting.
Are we done here?
No.
Alicia's asked for a raise.
(people sighing)
I am advocating
a ten percent bump.
No, you have a dozen
third-year associates who will
be asking for the
same exact thing.
Then we lose her.
And how do
you know that?
Because he's got
a dog in the fight.
We only want
Alicia because of her
ties to her husband.
No, we want her
because she's good.
(laughs)
We're gonna take
your word for it?
ELI:
Look, look, we all know
we're gonna compromise.
Can we just compromise?
(loud, overlapping chatter)
Who do you
think leaked it?
Could be any one of them.
Good thing they don't like
each other, or I'd be dead.
Where you headed?
Court.
Why? You don't have
a case today.
DIANE:
Diane Lockhart.
L-O-C-K-H-A-R-T.
JACK:
And can you describe
what happened,
Ms. Lockhart?
Yes. I was walking
from my car
when I saw you in the lobby,
serving a subpoena to that man.
JACK:
And did you hear me
announce myself?
Ah, yes. I heard you say,
"Mr. Dobbs,
you have been served."
Then what happened?
In your own words,
Ms. Lockhart.
Uh, well, uh,
that man tried to punch you,
and then you threw him
against the wall.
In a manly fashion?
Yes, I would say so.
He says I threw the first punch.
That's why he's suing me.
Uh, that is not
what I observed.
You two know each other.
That's why she's saying that.
Do you and I know each other,
Ms. Lockhart?
Uh, well, you
served me with a subpoena,
so I guess to that extent,
we know each other.
JACK:
Thank you, Ms. Lockhart.
Your presence here in
small-claims court is a breath
of fresh air.
(gavelbangs)
Objection.
Overruled.
And I will ask you to proceed,
Mrs. Florrick.
So the video
was taken from the back
of the snowmobile?
Uh, yes,
my-my wife was taking it.
That's just
her cell phone camera.
(engine rewing)
And that's you driving?
Yes. Up at the Rollins
Savanna Forest Preserve.
(laughter on video)
ALICIA:
Then what happened?
The snowmobile-- it just started
changing directions.
WOMAN:
Okay, Grant, slow down.
ALICIA: _ _
Were you steering it
toward the trees?
GRANT:
No.
WOMAN:
What are you doing?!
_ GRANT:
The steering column locked, and
I...
WOMAN:
It's not funny. Stop.
I couldn't budge it.
Please slow down!
Grant, slow down! Please!
(woman screaming, thudding)
And what happened
to your wife?
(clears throat)
She was in a coma for a week,
and then she...
She... she didn't make it.
And that's why you're suing
Snow Plain, the makers
of your snowmobile?
Yes. Uh,
I've never
sued anyone in my life.
Never had much use
for the courts.
My-my parents told me,
"If you have a problem
with someone,
then, you say it to his face,"
but my wife...
(crying)
She was the best
thing in my life.
JUDGE:
Okay, let me interrupt
right there.
Mrs. Florrick, Mr. Hines,
why don't you come up
here, and we'll talk?
Here's the deal.
First of all, good
morning to you all.
ALL:
Good morning.
We're going into chambers
for a bench-supervised
negoﬁaﬂon.
HINES:
Your Honor,
that's not necessary.
Counselor Hines, it is.
Your case here
is obVIously
to delay
until Mr. Duverney gives up.
That's not true!
And I'm not gonna
be a party to that.
There are no _real
legal issues to dispute,
so here is my order.
Marshal your settlement
arguments and meet me
in chambers in one hour.
Understood?
ALL:
Yes, Your Honor.
(gavelbangs)
I think I might try my hand
at this lavwering.
Very impressive.
So I have to thank you.
There's an art show, or
something or other,near here.
(laughing):
You're not really into art?
No, but I don't
actively dislike it.
(laughs)
I'm sorry, but I have
to head back to work.
But you do have
to have lunch.
Actually, I think
someone's waiting for you?
Okay, then, tonight.
I'll call you.
(birds singing)
GRANT:
You thinking of buying?
I don't know what I'm thinking.
Everything's so expensive
these days.
Well, you know one thing
I learned is, life is short.
You get a chance to bring
yourself some pleasure,
you should do it.
Even ifI had the money,
I... I don't know.
It's my old house.
Doesn't make sense
to go bacloNards.
Hmm. Look at me.
I'd give anything
to go bacloNard.
MAN:
Mrs. Florrick, the judge
is ready for you now.
Here we go.
What is it about glasses?
I seem to walk into a room,
and they disappear.
HINES:
Your Honor, this is not
just about one suit.
This is about the class action
that Lockhart & Gardner has
in the wings...
No, it is about one suit.
We're asking for $5 million
for pain and suffering,
loss of spousal support...
JUDGE:
You know, I used
to carry around
three or four pair of glasses.
At the end of the day,
I was like a drunk
looking for bottles. Ugh!
You're paying, Mr. Hines.
By the evidence I've
seen, you're paying.
The only question is,
how much?
But you haven't
seen this evidence.
What is it?
Grant Duverney's
medical report.
From 2009.
Before the accident.
Yes, but after his career as
a professional hockey player.
What does that have to do
with anything?
Modiﬁed comparative
negngnce.
If your client contributed
to the accident--
in fact-- if he
contributed more
than 50% to the accident--
then he can't sue us.
You're saying that
he's responsible
for his wife's death?
I'm saying,
given his mental capacity
after 86 games as a professional
hockey player--
body checks and fights--
he had no business getting
on that snowmobile.
Your Honor, this...
is despicable.
And yet legal, Counselor.
You're saying, Counselor Hines,
that the plaintiff
caused his own accident
by steering into a tree?
I'm saying, it contributed.
The plaintiff's
apparent condition--
chronic traumatic
encephalopathy--
was more than 50%
of the problem.
Okay.
I'll be ordering an independent
neurological evaluation
on Mr. Duverney.
We'll see where
that takes us.
_ JULIUS:
Ba5ically, we're in trouble.
DIANE:
How can we be in trouble?
We were in negotiations on this.
They're going after
his hockey career.
And Judge Rigby is
giving them some rope.
So there's truth
in their charges?
Grant played 86 games
as a pro hockey player,
and in his 86th start, he
was in a fight on the ice,
and ended up in the hospital.
He never played again. His
motor functions were impaired.
So, there might be truth.
And how did we not
see this coming?
(man clearing his throat)
Do you have a minute?
So, this was my case.
Yes.
And supposedly, a winner.
Which it still is, but I have
some strategic information
I could... share with you.
_ If it weren't for the _
restrictions of your suspen5ion?
Yes, which, as I understand it,
prevents me from talking about
future strategy,
but not...
Past. That would
be updating?
Which is within my rights.
Yet, we seem to be
in here whispering.
(whispers):
Consulting.
What do you got?
Bring hockey into it.
Into our case?
Yes. Their defense is based on
modified comparative negligence.
If our client is responsible
for 50% of his accident,
he loses, but...
If professional hockey is
responsible for his injuries,
then he can collect.
And this is your
suggested strategy?
It is.
Well, Diane,
this is a mistake.
Hockey will never pay.
To pay would be to
open up themselves
to hundreds of lawsuits
from former players.
It's part of the strategy.
Pull hockey into this.
They'll want to bury it
quickly and quietly.
We found our deep pocket.
Yes, and in addition,
the APHL lawyers will delay.
So we'll get
a three-month continuance
to build our case.
You want me on it?
DIANE:
Um, I do, but a low priority.
And, Alicia,
do you have a moment?
Yes.
So, we want to keep
you happy here, Alicia.
We value all your hard work
these past few months.
Thank you.
Given that, the equity
partners have agreed
on paper to a
bump in your pay.
Great.
Uh, yes, but we want
to be clear.
There are 11 other
third-year associates,
so, we can't afford
an across-the-board raise.
I understand.
So, here's what we're offering.
I know, it's not as much
as you think you deserve,
but take it as a demonstration
of_ our confidence
in your future.
KALIN DA:
Hey.
Thought you might
want something.
No, thanks.
You don't know who's leaking
to the disciplinary board
about me, do you?
No. You want me to look?
No. Just if you hear anything.
You in trouble?
Sticking to the letter
of the law.
You gonna leave me
here with two beers?
You'll find somebody.
KALIN DA:
What's up?
You want a beer?
No. Thanks.
You're sure?
It's open.
Kalinda, I...
I'm sorry.
I can't help it. I want
to move on, but I...
Yeah, I... I get it.
Look, we're working together.
That's good enough, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's just not
easy for me...
It's okay, Alicia.
I get it.
I'm Louis Canning, Your Honor.
I'll be representing
the interests
of the All Professional
Hockey League.
JUDGE:
Welcome, Mr. Canning; you
saw the amended complaint?
I did, Your Honor, and a baroque
piece of work it is.
Baroque, and yet,
if Snow Plain insists
on a modified comparative
negligence defense,
I see no other option
than to offer the plaintiff
a chance to combine
charges of negligence. Darn.
Yes, Your Honor, we accept
the modified complaint.
Then I expect you'll be
asking for an extension?
Oh, no, no,
we're ready to go.
Right now.
In fact, we welcome the chance
to defend the honor
of professional hockey.
He thinks
you're not prepared.
Excuse me, Will,
you can't be saying anything.
We need to move quickly
on all fronts.
I'll get on with Kalinda.
ANNOUNCER: They still can't
clear it, as Olsen keeps it in,
Duverney, in the corner,
tied up right now with Raker.
And here we go.
KALINDA: That's Cameron Raker,
Minnesota's enforcer.
You just had to expect this.
A lot of bad blood between
these two teams.
Oh, my!
Raker landed one square on.
He's flat on...
KALINDA: There was a criminal
battery investigation in 2009,
but charges
were never brought.
DIANE: It would be helpful
to get that investigation.
I'm on it.
Good, and Will has a friend
who's a top neurologist
at Northwestern.
A Dr. Wedd, he specializes
in sports injuries.
He's agreed to testify
as to how team doctors
mishandled Grant.
I'll prep him.
Great.
Mr. Canning thinks he's
caught us off guard.
Let's show him he hasn't, hmm?
Hi, Marina, I've decided
against the house.
I just don't have the money
for the down payment.
Yes, I'll call
if anything changes,
but I don't think it will.
This is me in reporter mode.
Ah, very impressive.
How was London?
London-y?
How was here?
You're looking
pretty casual today.
A lot has happened.
I'm gonna be taping this,
if that's all right.
It is, but I don't
have much to say.
Sporting News has me covering
this hockey lawsuit.
I'm just wondering,
are you crazy?
Going up against hockey?
Here's the problem,
Miss Linnata.
It was my suit,
but I've had a little
legal trouble of my own,
and I've been suspended
from practicing law
for six months.
You?
Really?
What happened?
I cut some corners.
I'm a corner-cutter.
Ah, so this
is a 12-step program?
Yes, step three,
admitting my faults.
I had to hand off the case
to other fine lawyers here,
so you probably want
to ask Julius Cain
whether he's crazy
to go after hockey.
And who's the other lavwer?
What?
You said there were two lavwers.
Who's the other lawyer?
Alicia Florrick.
Oh... yes.
Alicia. How is she doing?
Good.
I'm so glad for her.
Well...
it was good seeing you, Will.
You're looking good.
Thank you.
You are, too.
Good luck
with your other nine steps.
The league ended up suspending
Cameron Raker
for the rest of the season,
so the state's attorney
at the time,
Peter Florrick,
thought it wasn't
worth pursuing.
But what was
the charge gonna be?
I mean, why was
this treated different
than any other fight on the ice?
Well, the concussion was severe,
and we were looking into it
being a premeditated hit.
Raker targeted our client?
The whole team targeted
your client.
Any chance I could see the
investigative report on that?
Or just a peek?
Funny that you've been sent here
and not Kalinda.
I volunteered.
(chuckles)
Really?
Why?
I don't know.
How are you doing?
Well, I'm not
in the deputy's office.
Yes, I, um... I wasn't
gonna say anything.
Things have changed.
Self-inflicted wound.
Are you safe?
Nobody's told me otherwise,
and that usually means no.
Thank you.
Cameron Raker.
I am a professional
ice hockey left-winger.
ALICIA:
And you're the team's enforcer?
CANNING:
Objection, Your Honor, that's
not an official hockey position.
Mrs. Florrick is just using the
term to bias these proceedings.
I don't understand;
what's the bias?
Well, an enforcer
is someone on a hockey
team who responds
to supposedly dirty plays
from the opposing team
by attacking aggressively...
And thank you, Mrs. Florrick,
for that biased definition.
Well, do you want me
to explain the bias or not?
Okay, thank you.
I am enlightened without bias.
Mr. Raker,
what is the official title
for your p05ition?
RAKER:
Uh, left wing.
Okay, that's what we'll
call it from now on.
Left wing.
And I...
Um...
Mr. Raker...
in your capacity
as a left-winger,
did your coach ever ask you
to violently respond
to a dirty play?
He asked me to check offenders
who crossed the line, you know?
And has he ever asked you
to take a player out?
If you mean "out" by checking
those offenders legally,
then yes.
That's Christian Lund,
your teammate,
the star player
under contract
for 6.3 million?
Yeah.
I'm sorry,
I've got to come closer;
I can't see.
Oh, certainly, Your Honor.
And who is that
who took out
your star player?
Him.
ANNOUNCER:
Oh, devastating hit
by Duverney on Lund.
And the best man on the ice
is taken down by a fourth-liner.
Was your team outraged
by this hit, Mr. Raker?
I wouldn't say we were outraged.
We were concerned.
Lund is pretty important to us.
But did you see
this postgame interview?
You hit us like that,
it's not over.
We've got your number, Duverney.
We'll see you in February.
RAKER:
Nope, didn't see it.
But isn't that your jersey,
Mr. Raker,
in the background
within earshot
of this interview?
Uh...
(exhales)
Looks like it.
I-I don't remember.
And by, "We'll see you
in February,"
did your coach mean
the next time you were playing
against my client's team?
I don't know,
could have
meant anything, really.
But didn't it mean this game
on February 15?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I guess.
KALINDA:
We've got a problem here.
No, it's your neurologist friend
at Northwestern,
Dr. Wedd, the one we want
to hire for the trial.
He says he's never heard of you.
He what?
Yeah, he said he was
too busy to talk,
and then he just rushed
out of the ofﬁce.
You know what I think?
Yeah,
'cause I'm thinking it, too.
Canning got to him.
Paid him off.
Do we have a second-best option?
No, not for hockey
impact studies.
You may have another play.
Given that I can't suggest
new legal strategy,
I think you'll know
what I'm about to say.
Find out
if Canning paid him off,
and see if we can prove fraud.
Obviously, I can't comment,
but it sounds like you're
in movement.
Iam.
Following your
neurologist friend
to see if he's going
to meet up with Canning.
Obviously, I can't comment.
I will keep you
in the loop.
Not at my urging.
Bye.
Okay, let me know
when you find out more.
Mm-hmm.
(beep)
Back to our old
ways, are we?
And what ways
might those be?
Paying off our
neurological expert.
Are you happy
at Lockhart & Gardner,
Mrs. Florrick?
I am happy.
You don't look happy.
Uh-huh.
Why are you second chair
to Julius
when you're doing
all the heaw lifting?
Because Julius is
an eqUIty partner.
And you're not;
why is that?
Okay.
Here's the problem.
I see how we treat
lawyers who are poached.
They're the first
ones out the door.
They're the ones
we don't trust,
and that is why I
will not be poached.
The problem at
Lockhart & Gardner is they
treat it like a family.
They treat loyalty
as an absolute good.
And it's not?
At home it is; at work
i_t's talent
and profe55ionalism that matter.
That's why
I don't hold a grudge.
You come and work for me,
you'll be judged on the value
of your work and only your work.
Let me make you an offer.
No.
Afraid Mommy and Daddy
at Lockhart & Gardner
might get upset?
I'll see you in court.
See you in court.
And, Dr. Rubich,
as the team doctor,
you were the first
to assess Grant's injuries?
Yes, I examined Grant
in the dressing room
right after the fight.
And you tested him
for symptoms of concussion?
Yes.
How long was the examination?
About 15 minutes.
And then you cleared him
to get back into the game?
He seemed fine.
He, uh, even made a pretty
hard check in the last minute.
Saved the team a goal.
And yet, three days later,
he was in the hospital
and never played again.
Yes, that's my understanding.
When you conducted
my client's exit physical,
what did you write in the file
in regard to head injuries?
I didn't write anything.
I saw no need to.
CANNING:
Dr. Rubich,
what's a baseline test?
It's a neuro-psychological
test we run on players
before the start
of the season.
In the event they suffer
a head injury during a game,
we can determine
if it's a concu55ion
by comparing the results.
And did you perform
those tests on Grant Duverney
after he was knocked down
by Cameron Raker?
Yes, and the results
were identical
with the baseline.
There were no signs
of brain trauma.
So, in other words,
you did your job?
(chuckles)
Yes.
Thank you, Doctor.
We need our neurologist.
Kalinda thinks he'll meet
with Canning after court.
(horn honking)
(beep)
(line ringing)
DIANE:
Hello?
(music playing over phone)
Diane?
KaHnda?
Yeah,
guess who our
neurologist is with?
Canning?
No, not Canning.
Frank Michael Thomas.
What, the actor?
And the lawyer.
I don't understand, what does
he have to do with hockey?
I have no idea,
but I thought
you should come down
and talk to him.
No, I can't right now.
(beeping)
Um, just take
some pictures and...
Uh, yeah, just do
what you normally do.
I'll talk to you.
Just call Alicia and Will.
(beep)
Hello, Jack.
Shall I assume
you're 40 minutes late
because of Australian
standard time?
I wish it were the case.
I also wish you won't hate me
when I tell you
I have a complication.
Another time, Diane, I promise.
Just tell me you don't hate me.
I don't hate you.
Go uncomplicate
your complication.
(beep)
*
(line ringing)
You've reached the personal
voice mail of Kurt McVeigh.
I'm unavailable right...
(sighs)
Can I have the check, please?
Yes?
Oh, I'm sorry. I, uh...
I-Is this...?
Are you here to see Kurt?
Uh, yes.
I hope I'm not, uh...
No, come in.
Diane.
Hello.
And surprise.
After what, a year?
Did you just happen
to be in the neighborhood?
No. Uh, but I think
I should call the cab back
and return to mine.
Good-bye.
(sighs)
It's a 40-mile drive.
And that's when
I found my voice.
Acting is all about the voice.
(laughing)
Well, Will Gardner.
How you doing?
Good, sir.
Till I found you stole
our neurologist.
Really?
I didn't _realize he was in
a p05ition to be stolen.
Nice to meet
you, ladies.
So you're working
for Louis Canning now?
Nope.
You're suing hockey?
Yep.
Class action, seven players.
Head injuries?
Yep.
APHL's been mishandling
head injuries
ever since the first
time they strapped
a metal blade to the
underside of a boot.
I'm hoping to make it right
for these players.
ALICIA:
Then join us.
Pool our resources.
Make the league fight
a multifront war.
Well, I appreciate the offer,
but, uh, my answer's got to be:
not a chance in hell.
Louis Canning is
using your case
to establish legal precedent
before I file mine.
Whupping you makes it easier
for him to fight me.
Which is why he was prepared
and so eager
to rush to court.
FRANK:
Yep. Well, good luck.
Hockey will be fighting you
to the last man.
And you're going to lose.
You're going to lose bad.
WOMAN:
At least we're
offering a choice.
Unlike your socialist,
fascist campaign,
ours is a
horse race.
With four hobbled horses.
Not too hobbled
to beat your man, Obama.
Did you think we
were going to listen
to the gray hairs,
hand it to Romney?
Bloody battle's healthy--
fires people up.
DIANE:
Yes, particularly
billionaires
putting down payments
on candidates.
Ah, the Highland
Park liberal.
Cries foul
about the evil
Republican super PACs as she
writes a check to Obama's.
Shall we drink to your allegedly
non-activist Supreme Court?
Right. Scalia, Alito,
the rest of the big, scary five.
Four.
We're wearing Kennedy down.
All part of our clever
Highland Park
liberal plan.
Well, I would
love to stay
and keep proving you wrong,
but I've got
an early forensics class,
and my instructor
here gets surly
if we're late, so...
It was nice meeting
you, Diane.
And you, Miranda.
Keep breathing that fire.
See you
tomorrow, Kurt.
Yeah.
(door opens and closes)
Oh, she's wonderful.
Crack shot, too.
Crime labs will
be climbing
all over each
other to hire her.
So she's your...
protge?
You could call her that.
Well, you two certainly
are of, uh, like minds.
Except I like a
good argument.
Consensus is less...
interesting.
Hello.
(laughs)
Is this a regular thing?
Dropping in on men you
haven't seen in a year?
I could use some direction here.
Wh-What exactly
is this?
It's me missing you.
And hoping
you feel likewise.
The real estate lady called.
She thinks that they'll take
ten percent down.
(chuckles)
What?
The real estate lady
should not be telling you that.
She's calling here
because she wants
to get you two excited
about the house.
No, she was just
being nice.
I'll talk to her.
She should not
be calling here.
You're really trying
to make it work, huh?
I don't know.
GRANT:
I-I knew
they'd come after me.
I was a marked man.
JULIUS:
Because of your check
in that first game
on their star,
Christian Lund?
GRANT:
Yes.
JULIUS:
Cameron Raker was
six-foot-three,
225 pounds.
How big were
you, Grant?
GRANT:
Five-eleven, 190.
JULIUS:
Yet, when he
goaded you,
you fought him.
I had no choice.
If.... if I hadn't fought,
they would have gone
after one of our
star players.
How can you
be so sure?
'Cause we would have done
the same thing.
It's... it's the game.
JULIUS:
No further questions.
CANNING:
First, let me
start by saying
how sorry I am about your recent
medical developments.
If I can offer some advice
from personal experience:
one day at a time.
GRANT:
Thank you.
So this baseline test
the doctor gave you
at the start of the season--
did you fake yours?
GRANT:
Uh...
did-did I...?
I'm-I-I don't...
I'm not sure
I understand...
Weren't you told by a teammate
to fake the test?
You know, tap on the
keyboard a little slower
or mix up the numbers
on the test grid.
That way, if you suffered
a head injury during a game,
the_team doctors would see
Similar results and clear you
to play.
Objection.
Hearsay.
CANNING:
My apologies,
Your Honor.
I should have
submitted this
evidence deposition
from one Anthony Murillo,
who was Mr. Duverney's roommate
during his rookie season.
Mr. Duverney,
one more time.
Did you fake your baseline test?
Yes.
CANNING:
So, if you hadn't
faked your test,
they would have been
able to diagnose you
and treat you
properly.
Objection--
beyond the witness's expertise.
Withdrawn.
No... no further questions,
Your Honor.
Grant, why did you fake
your baseline test?
For the same reason
a lot of players do:
I was afraid of losing my job.
What are you doing right now?
Diane has me on something.
What do you need?
How quickly can you upload
a video online?
No fingerprints.
(keyless lock chirps)
CANNING:
Mrs. Florrick.
My driver is still
at the dentist.
Can I get a lift?
How much flexibility
is there?
Well, we offer
telecommuting.
And then there's
day care at work.
No, uh,
I have an issue.
My apartment has gone condo,
and I have the possibility
of purchasing a house.
And you need money
for the down payment?
Yes, and a consistent
higher level in pay.
I have private tuition, and I'm
trying to save for college.
I'll work up an offer.
No. No, I'm fine.
Clearly, you're not fine,
or we wouldn't be sitting here.
Mr. Canning,
seriously, I'm fine.
All right,
let's leave it at this.
I'll work up an offer.
You'll think about it.
We'll talk on the phone later.
And that's it-- no pressure.
Nobody's doing anything
wrong here, Alicia.
This is how America works.
(whistle blows)
(heavy metal playing)
ALICIA:
So you're familiar
with this Web site?
Yes. RinkFights.com.
It's not sanctioned
by our league.
Well, then, you're aware
that it lets fans vote
on who will win the fight,
that the players
actually have fight cards
with win-loss records?
Yes.
As APHL's chief
administrative officer,
you have the final say
over league copyright issues,
correct?
I do.
The clips the Web site plays
are game broadcasts.
Do you grant them permission
to use these?
Absolutely not.
As I said, this is not
an APHL-sanctioned Web site.
Let's talk about another
Web site that uses your clips.
(crowd cheering)
ALICIA:
This is a recent
Boston-Detroit game.
It was posted
online yesterday
by an employee
of our firm.
Do you know how long it took
the Webmaster to receive
a cease and desist order
from your office?
No.
Two hours.
In the eight years
since RinkFights.com
has been online,
how many
cease and_desist letters
have you issued them?
None.
ALICIA:
Is that because
you encourage
fans' enthusiasm
for fights?
No, of course not.
Then why aren't you
removing
these fight videos?
Well, I guess we'll start.
Thank you for the
encouragement.
And thank you
for that damaging testimony.
Objection.
Sustained.
I think we should all
have a little sit-down.
About?
Me helping you win this thing.
The truth--
are you in bed with him?
Am I in bed with him?
Yeah. That's what I've been
hearing from unnamed sources.
I can neither confirm nor deny
that we have
any formal agreement
with Frank Michael Thomas.
And you don't think suits
like yours and Mr. Thomas's
will hurt the sport
of ice hockey?
No. Is fighting essential
to the sport of ice hockey?
Some think it's a safety valve.
Without it,
you'd see a lot more sticks
swinging out there.
Not in college hockey.
Not in the Olympics.
You would get ejected.
But aren't the stakes
a little higher in the pros?
Players' livelihoods
are on the line.
Then why are there
no real fights
during the championship series?
Sounds like your
closing argument.
Thanks.
No problem.
If you need any more,
you should talk to Julius.
So you were in London, right?
Setting up
your magazine's operation
for the Olympics?
Yes.
How was it?
Rainy. You slept with Will
after I left town, didn't you?
I promise you
he didn't tell me.
Will didn't put up
much of a fight
when I told him
about the London offer.
And then I e-mailed
him right after I got
there, but no response.
I chalked it up to
his being so busy,
but Will never
not responds.
I knew you two
had history, so...
two plus two.
I think that's a conversation
you should have With Will.
You're right.
Inappropriate of me.
You know,
for the record, it wasn't over
between Will and I
when I left for London.
Then you slept with him,
and it was over.
We appreciate
the change of heart.
We could use whatever
help you can give us.
Shouldn't we wait
for Ms. Lockhart
before getting
to brass tacks?
I understood
she was gonna
be a part of this.
Diane got pulled away
on another case.
But we'll bring her
up to speed.
So be it.
Don't look at this
as a benevolent gesture--
I just think you folks did
a hell of a job
in court today,
and it looks like helping
you might actually
help me after all.
Um, I'm sorry, would
you excuse me, please?
Of course.
Now, you just
promise me this--
when you use this
against Louis Canning,
try to draw blood.
We're adding a witness,
Dr. Andr Wedd.
And you're telling me
in accordance to court rules.
Very honorable of you.
Dr. Wedd is a
neurologist...
Who has repeatedly
lambasted the league
for its approach
to head injuries.
I've read
all his articles.
He has a unique gift
for repeating himself.
What Dr. Wedd is
testifying to isn't in
any of his articles.
Really?
Dr. Wedd approached
theleague
with a rigorous protocol
for evaluating and treating
players with
head injuries--
one that wouldn't _scare
players into faking
baseline tests.
Had the league not dismissed
Dr. Wedd so quickly,
Grant Duverney would
have been properly
diagnosed and treated.
I can show you the
rejection e-mail
that Dr. Wedd received
from the league VP.
It's a quick read.
I'll run it by the league,
Oh.
One more thing.
You have 24 hours.
DIANE:
Fishing?
McVEIGH:
At Horsetail Lake.
It's an easy drive
from the city.
We'd make it a day trip.
Kurt, have we met?
I'll do all the baiting.
Oh, would you
have it any other way?
We pack a lunch,
we rent a boat,
and we breathe something
other than car exhaust
for a few hours,
and the good news for you--
cell phone coverage.
(phone rings)
(laughs)
Hold on a second.
JACK:
You don't hate me,
Hello?
right?
Uh, Jack?
Uh, hello.
I said I'd take you out
some other time,
so I'm calling
to find out that other time.
Uh... when do you
have in mind?
I was thinking Friday night.
Unwind after work.
I, uh... Can you
hold on a second?
Kurt?
No, Jack.
Oh, hold on a second.
Um...
Who's Kurt?
He's j... he's just
a-a business associate.
Uh, I-I will be
right back, uh...
Jack.
Jack. Hold on.
Hello?
Look, if Horsetail Lake
doesn't cut it for you, then...
No, no, no. It sounds fun.
When were you... thinking?
Saturday morning.
Pick you up at 8:00.
Perfect.
I will see you then. Bye.
Still there?
Yep.
Friday night sounds good.
ELI:
It's pretty darn hard
being on the outside
looking in, huh?
I'm just sitting here watching
the wheels turn round and round.
What do you need, Eli?
I did not leak to the
disciplinary board.
But you're gonna
tell me who did?
I can tell you
my suspicions.
David Lee.
Yup.
(quiet chuckle)
That's funny.
David Lee was
in here yesterday
saying you leaked it.
He did not.
He did.
No.
No, you're playing us
against each other.
As long as we're
fighting each other,
you're safe.
I don't think
I'll ever be... safe.
It's good talking
to you, Eli.
Excuse me, Diane?
Uh, yes, Alicia?
I have received
a formal job offer
from Louis Canning.
From Canning?
He approached me
several months ago
and I declined,
but he's been persistent.
And you're considering it?
I'd like to stay,
but his offer...
would go a long way
to helping me
cover a mortgage payment.
It wasn't Louis Canning
who gave you a chance after
13 years away from the law.
This is his offer.
If I stay at the firm,
it has to be more.
You'll give me till
the end ON the week?
0.
I can't.
Yep, everybody changes.
End of the week, Alicia,
or you can clean out
your desk right now.
You've heard nothing?
No text, no e-mail, nothing.
I would've thought Canning
would want to end this,
keep the league from
getting skewered in court.
Fine, put Dr. Wedd
on the stand.
Mr. Cain,
do you have a minute?
Can it wait until
after court?
There is no court.
I just spoke
to Judge Rigby.
The Snow Plain Corporation
has reevaluated its position
on the original case.
We're now prepared to settle.
W-Well, we're way beyond
that point, Mr. Hines.
The only acceptable number
is the full $5 million.
Good. Because that's
what we're offering.
Talk to your client
and let me know.
What just happened?
I think we just won.
(loud, overlapping chatter)
No! No, no, no, no!
No bonus!
She just won
a case.
Alicia did not
Win a case--
she was handed
a settlement.
Which we wouldn't have gotten
but for her performance.
Oh, forgive me, Miyagi,
I forgot who was guiding Alicia.
And since when do you have
a problem with winning
money for clients?
Oh, who cares
about the client! Will!
Tell them how disastrous
it would be if Alicia walks.
JULIUS:
I don't care
what she's paid.
I just can't afford to lose
another body right now.
Look, we all
know the issue.
Why don't we just
put it to a vote.
All those in favor.
No.
She's getting her bonus.
I'm invoking
managing-partner prerogative.
You can't be serious.
Mm, what are we talking about?
WILL:
The firm's bylaws
allow the managing partner
to act unilaterally.
Under extenuating
circumstances.
We must have
missed the memo.
Apparently, we're now
Stalin & Associates.
Well, if it means
Alicia sticks around,
I second it.
You can't second it.
The matter is closed.
Any other business?
You just stuck your neck out
for a third-year associate.
Your suspension has
left us exposed.
I stuck my neck out for
the future of this firm.
Hi.
(chuckles) I'm not sure what
time I can get out tonight.
(laughing)
(muffled talking)
But thank you very
much, Mr. Canning.
Is something wrong?
You used me.
No.
The firm made it attractive
for me to stay.
It was unexpected.
Unexpected as
a knife in the back.
Y... You should
still be pleased.
You did well for your client.
Whatever deal you
cut with Snow Plain
deflects any liability
away from the league.
No, I'm pleased--
because I needed to smoke
Frank Michael Thomas out,
find out what he had
for his class action.
And thanks to your good
lawyering, now I know,
and I'll be
ready for him.
So I guess what I want
to say to you, Alicia,
is thank you.
Thank you.
(quiet sigh)
Anything you have
would be really helpful.
Okay. Okay, good.
Thanks.
The other day when
you brought the beer,
I wasn't...
It's all right.
They were warm, aanay.
(sighs)
Look, I can't go back
to the way it was before.
There's just been too much.
I know.
But...
I'd like to try
to make it work.
It's just that everything...
it has to be...
on the table.
I can't be the only
one being forthcoming.
one being honest.
Can... you do that?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org